nodemon basically starts the server once and re runs each timme the js file has made changes.
But when there are changes made in hbs files it does not update and will not give expected results.
so to include all the changes made in the file we can use following command
 to include changes made in all the file

 nodemon src/app.js -e hbs,js where -e for extensions of all the files


 hbs is a express. js wrapper for the handlebars. js javascript template engine. Handlebars. js is a template engine to make writing html code easier
 textContent is used to print content on client browser


 paritals= to make code reusable such as header and footer
 
 View engines allow us to render web pages using template 
 files. These templates are filled with actual data and 
 served to the client. There are multiple view engines,
 like Mustache, Handlebars, EJS, etc but 
the most popular of which is Embedded Javascript (EJS)

template engine= A template engine enables you to use static 
template files in your application. At runtime, the template engine
replaces variables in a template file with actual values, and transforms 
the template into an HTML file sent to the client. This approach makes 
it easier to design an HTML page.
Some popular template engines that work with Express are Pug, 
Mustache, and EJS. The Express application generator uses Jade 
as its default, but it also supports several others

express.static=The express.static() function is a built-in middleware 
function in Express. It serves static files and is based on serve-static.

app.use()=Mounts the specified middleware function or functions at the 
specified path: the middleware function is executed when the base of the
requested path matches path.

middleware=Middleware functions are functions that have access to the 
request object (req), the response object (res), and the next middleware 
function in the application’s request-response cycle. The next middleware 
function is commonly denoted by a variable named next

when we want to tell express that we want to use a particular 
template engine we need to set the property of view engine to hbs


The JavaScript navigator object is used for browser detection


Heroku is a container-based cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS). 
Developers use Heroku to deploy, manage, and scale modern apps.

Heroku comes with it's own server so you can purchase hosting 
plan & deploy you web apps easily. In case of Github you need 
to purchase a separate server to host your web apps. Github is 
well known for contribution & collaboration & Heroku is for backend s
tack available for collaboration & deploying easily

4 types of categorization of files in git- untracked,unstage,staged and commit
running git init from the main/root folder

git add . allows us to add ll the files and folders to git staging area